# Info
2. Use CSS techniques to format a document as shown in the figure at right. The background color for the entire page is yellow. The boxes labeled “AD” are images of the Aggie Dog, one in the upper left corner, and one in the upper right corner. For these images, specify an appropriate CSS opacity so that the background yellow shows through to some extent. See below for information on the opacity CSS property. Between the images is the title, “Internet Systems, Fall 2014, Assignment 2, Problem 2.” (This should also be the content of the title element in the head of the page). Of the remaining four elements in the page, two floats (one right, one left) and have visible borders. (Use some of the available properties to get interesting effects). Two of them flow, one around and down from the first box, the second around and down from the second box.  The dotted line in the middle of the figure should not appear in the rendering; it is simply the conceptual line between the first flowing element and the second floated element. How text flows around floated elements will depend on how you have your browser window dimensioned. Try to make the flowing elements big enough and the floating, boxed elements small enough so that, with a browser screen of reasonable size, we see flowing text pass under the bottom of the floated text. The opacity CSS property is part of the W3C CSS 3 recommendation, but all major browsers already support it. Firefox and Webkit support it in the form opacity:x, where x ranges from 0.0 to 1.0, a lower value making the image more transparent.  IE supports opacity in the form filter: alpha(opacity=x), where x ranges from 0 to 100, a lower value again giving more transparency. An opacity value can be specified for both Firefox and IE by specifying the property in both forms; Firefox simply ignores the IE form, and IE ignores the Firefox form. For example, to specify mid-level opacity for both browsers, use opacity:0.5; filter:alpha(opacity=50).
